The main characters’ (Harry, Hermione, Ron) feeling “scared” is most likely related to the statement:
(a) No sooner had they reached the door separatingFluffy from the rest of the school than Professor McGonagall turned up again and this time, she lost her temper.”*
(b) Harry and Ron went back to the common room. Harry had just said, “At least Hermione’s on Snapes’ tail.”
(c) “Oh, come off it, you don’t think we’d let you go alone?” “Of course not” said Hermione briskly.
(d) “I’m never going over to the Dark side! Voldemort killed my parents, remember?

=== 
The main character’s (Harry) feeling “welcomed” is most likely related to the statement:
(a) “Hello, Hagred – Oh, it’s wonderful to see you two again – Are you coming into Gringotts, Harry?”*
(b) “Sulkin’ around Knockturn Alley, I dunni – dodgy place, Harry – don’t want no one ter see yeh down there –”
(c) “I’m staying with the Weasleys but we got separated,” Harry explained
(d) “I should ruddy weel think not”, growled Hagrid.

===
The main character’s (Harry) feeling “fooled” is most likely related to the statement:
(a) “And why did he fake his death?” “Because he knew you were about to kill him like you killed my parents!”*
(b) “He approached Lupin and the struggling rat, and his wet eyes suddenly seemed to be burning in his face.”
(c) “I persuaded Lily and James to change to Peter at the last moment, persuaded them to use him as Secret- Keeper instead of me”
(d) “If he really is a rat, it won’t hurt him.”

===
The main character’s (Harry) feeling “furious” is most likely related to the statement:
(a) “He had never before considered the possibility that there might be another teacher in the world but as he walked back toward Gryffindor Tower he had to admit he had found a contender.”*
(b) “She’s evil, he thought, as he climbed a staircase to the seventh floor, she’s an evil, twisted, mad, old”*
(c) “Harry’s third detention passed in the same way as the previous two, except that after two hours the words”
(d) “I must not tell lies” did not fade from the back of Harry’s hand, but remained scratched there, oozing droplets of blood”

===
The main character’s (Ron) feeling “terrified” is most likely related to the statement:
(a) “Harry! Ron was standing over him looking extremely frightened. “He’s really ill,” said a scared voice.”*
(b) “It wasn’t a dream. Not an ordinary dream. I did it. He could hear Seamus and Dean muttering but did not care.”
(c) “You did promise her, you know, Harry. I think you’d better give her something else instead. How about your Firebolt?”
(d) “Your dad! He’s been bitten, it’s serious, there was blood everywhere.”


